Modify replication and rebalancing.md (#251)
tikv/website: content/docs/5.1/concepts/explore-tikv-features/replication-and-rebalancing.md

2. Add two more nodes and see how TiKV automatically rebalances replicas to efficiently use all available capacity.

{{< warning >}}
Do not apply this operation in the production environment.
{{< /warning >}}

## Prerequisites

Make sure that you have installed [TiUP](https://github.com/pingcap/tiup) as described in [TiKV in 5 Minutes](../../tikv-in-5-minutes).

## Step 1: Start a 3-node cluster

1. Check your TiUP version. Execute the following command:

    ```bash
    tiup -v
    ```

2. Depending on the TiUP version, execute the `tiup-playground` command to start a 3-node local cluster.

    If TiUP version is v1.5.2 or later, execute the following command:

    ```bash
    tiup playground --mode tikv-slim --kv 3
    ```

    If TiUP version is earlier than v1.5.2, execute the following command:

    ```bash
    tiup playground --kv 3
    ```

After you execute the command, the output is as follows:

```txt
Starting component `playground`: /home/pingcap/.tiup/components/playground/v1.5.0/tiup-playground --mode tikv-slim --kv 3
Using the version v5.0.2 for version constraint "".

> If you want to use a TiDB version other than v5.0.2, cancel and retry with the following arguments:

Reviewer: Here is output of `TiUP`, it should keep what it prints.

## Step 2: Write data

> On another terminal session, you can use [go-ycsb](https://github.com/pingcap/go-ycsb) to launch a workload.

Reviewer 2: yes

1. Clone the `go-ycsb` from GitHub.

>     ```shell

Reviewer: Using shell will cancel the highlight in editor like `vscode`

Reviewer 3: Because users only need to see the final output, not the sources in editors, so do we need to apply this comment? @marsishandsome 
https://deploy-preview-251--tikv.netlify.app/docs/5.1/concepts/explore-tikv-features/replication-and-rebalancing/

Reviewer 2: I cannot see any difference between 
- https://deploy-preview-251--tikv.netlify.app/docs/5.1/concepts/explore-tikv-features/replication-and-rebalancing/
- https://tikv.org/docs/5.1/concepts/explore-tikv-features/replication-and-rebalancing/

    git clone https://github.com/pingcap/go-ycsb.git
    ```

2. Build the application from the source.

>     ```shell

Reviewer: Ditto.

    make
    ```

3. Load a small workload using `go-ycsb`.

>     ```shell

Reviewer: Ditto.

## Step 4: Write more data

In this section, you can launch a larger workload, then scale the 3-node local cluster to a 5-node cluster and check whether the load of the TiKV cluster is **rebalanced** as expected.

1. Create a new terminal session and launch a larger workload with `go-ycsb`.
    For example, on a machine with 16 virtual cores, you can launch a workload by executing the following command:

   ```shell
   ./bin/go-ycsb load tikv -P workloads/workloada -p tikv.pd="127.0.0.1:2379" -p tikv.type="raw" -p tikv.conncount=16 -p threadcount=16 -p recordcount=1000000
   ```

> 2. Go to the Grafana page mentioned above. Check the Region distribution on the TiKV cluster and the Region continues to increase while writing data to the cluster as follows:

Reviewer 2: @iosmanthus PTAL

> 2. Go to the Grafana page mentioned above. Check the Region distribution on the TiKV cluster and the Region continues to increase while writing data to the cluster as follows:

Reviewer: Yes

> 2. Go to the Grafana page mentioned above. Check the Region distribution on the TiKV cluster and the Region continues to increase while writing data to the cluster as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Go to the **playground-overview** dashboard of the Grafana, and check the Region distribution on the TiKV cluster. The Region continues to increase while writing data to the cluster as follows:
```

## Step 5: Add two more nodes

1. Start another terminal session and use the `tiup playground` command to scale out the cluster.

    ```shell
    tiup playground scale-out --kv 2
    ```

2. Verify the scale-out cluster by executing the following commands:

>     ```shell

Reviewer: We should use `sh` instead.

## Step 6: Verify the data rebalance

Go to the Grafana page as mentioned above. You can find some Regions are split and rebalanced to the two new nodes.

{{< figure
    src="/img/docs/data-rebalance.png"
    width="80"
    number="1" >}}

## Step 7: Stop and delete the cluster

> 

Reviewer 3: For the two steps in this section, they are almost the same as that in "https://github.com/tikv/website/pull/250". Please refer to "https://github.com/tikv/website/pull/250" to update them so we can keep similar content consistent.

Reviewer: Hmmm, I don't think so. It might be a little verbose to keep the page self-explained.
